# JPMC-QR-Task1-2
## Task 1
You are a quantitative researcher working with a commodity trading desk. Alex, a VP on the desk, wants to start trading natural gas storage contracts. However, the available market data must be of higher quality to enable the instrument to be priced accurately. They have sent you an email asking you to help extrapolate the data available from external feeds to provide more granularity, considering seasonal trends in the price as it relates to months in the year. To price the contract, we will need historical data and an estimate of the future gas price at any date.
After asking around for the source of the existing data, you learn that the current process is to take a monthly snapshot of prices from a market data provider, which represents the market price of natural gas delivered at the end of each calendar month. This data is available for roughly the next 18 months and is combined with historical prices in a time series database. After gaining access, you are able to download the data in a CSV file.
You should use this monthly snapshot to produce a varying picture of the existing price data, as well as an extrapolation for an extra year, in case the client needs an indicative price for a longer-term storage contract.
## Task 2
The final ingredient before they can begin trading with the client is the pricing model. Alex tells you the client wants to start trading as soon as possible. They believe the winter will be colder than expected, so they want to buy gas now to store and sell in winter in order to take advantage of the resulting increase in gas prices. They ask you to write a script that they can use to price the contract. Once the desk are happy, you will work with engineering, risk, and model validation to incorporate this model into production code.
You need to create a prototype pricing model that can go through further validation and testing before being put into production. Eventually, this model may be the basis for fully automated quoting to clients, but for now, the desk will use it with manual oversight to explore options with the client. 
You should write a function that is able to use the data you created previously to price the contract. The client may want to choose multiple dates to inject and withdraw a set amount of gas, so your approach should generalize the explanation from before. Consider all the cash flows involved in the product.
